---
layout: post
title: "'Debate' on 13th October 2014"
date: '2014-12-09 07:26:17'
---

eDC conducted a debate competition on the 13th of October. The judge for the event was honourable professor of entrepreneurship, Dr. Neelam Saxena. The event was held under the guidance of e-mentors in Amity School of Engineering and Technology, Amity University. The topic of the debate was ‘should a person who is good at his job start up as an entrepreneur?’ 
On the spot registrations were open at 2pm and went on till 2:30pm after which the event started with the arrival of our respected judge. 6 teams were there. Each team had 2 participants. One participant spoke ‘for the motion’ and the other one spoke ‘against the motion. The participants were brilliant. Along with them, the core members of eDC also participated. But they weren’t judged on their performances.
After all the participants had performed, a Group Discussion was conducted on the same topic. In the GD, 2 teams were formed, each comprising of 10 people. 
The event ended at 4:30pm with the declaration of the results. Deeksha Raina won the first prize for speaking ‘for the motion’ and Aneesh Devasthale won the first prize for speaking ‘against the motion’. 
Overall, the event was a success. The team is looking forward to conduct more interesting and enthusiastic events in the near future.

So folks, If you missed the events, don't worry. eDC will be conducting more and more events in the future. We at eDC are focusuing on spreading Entrepreneurship and we welcome you all to be a part of the events, a part of us...
