---
layout: post
title: Tripoto :)
date: '2015-01-18 11:53:32'
---

On 17th January, 2015, five students on behalf of eDC, Entrepreneurship Development Centre, visited Tripoto, a start up that aims to provide the travellers an opportunity to share their travel experiences with people around the globe, in form of blogs, images and itineraries. It is a medium, a social networking platform through which people can see the world through their eyes in thousands of exciting travelogues. Tripoto takes travel to an all new exciting level.

The meeting was scheduled to be at 2:30pm. But the traffic snarls resulted in a delay, as a result of which, the official talk with the Tripoto team could not be started before 3:05pm. Located on the 8th floor, the Tripoto office was basically an apartment with two teams – first, the content team and second, the tech team. The eDC members were heartily welcomed by Mr. Anirudh Gupta, the co-founder of Tripoto and later by Mr. Michael Lyngdoh, also the co-founder, along with the team. 

The eDC team introduced themselves, what eDC was all about and what the work of its members was. Mr. Aamir Aarfi, an entrepreneur working under Tripoto, conducted a survey. It was basically a questionnaire that he had prepared with the aim of improvising the website. While for one of the member, it was the second startup visit after Holidify, for the rest, it was the first one. Hence, they were all bubbling with excitement. The team had already did the research work and therefore was able to answer each and every question asked by Mr. Aamir with full confidence. The eDC team didn’t forget to mention how attractive and elegant their website was.

After an ice breaking session through the survey, it was the team’s turn ask questions and clear their doubts. The first few questions were answered by Mr. Michael, followed by Mr. Anirudh. 

The following questions were asked by the eDC team, in no particular order. They were answered in the best possible manner:

**Q. Why did you name the start up as Tripoto?**

Ans. The name had to be something related to the work we do. So
from trip came TRIPOTO. It was definitely difficult to decide. Sometimes, we wouldn’t like it. Sometimes, the name was already taken. After much discussions and trials, we finalized on Tripoto. But later we realized that the name isn’t that important. If the idea and the work one does is good, people will be attracted towards it. For example, Zomato. Zomato’s name has nothing to do with its work. Still people know it and appreciate it.

**Q. But it has to be catchy enough to attract people. Shouldn’t it?**

Ans. Yes, but you cannot waste all your time in deciding just a name. Your idea is at a higher priority. Time is very much essential when you are working in a start-up. One must focus more on the quality of the product.

**Q. For a company to work and function properly, one needs a
team. How did you gather all the people to work under you?**

Ans. A team isn’t formed in a day. It took us months and even a year to form a complete team. The number of people in the team keeps on increasing.

**Q. In the market, you have competitors like Holidify and Tripadvisor. What makes you different from them?**

Ans. Ours is a start up made by the people, for the people, of the people. Here, people write about their experiences. Moreover, Tripoto includes the whole package i.e  travel itineraries, recommendations, blogs of various globe trotters ,various modes of transport and images which makes our website informative and interesting at the same time. We don’t have any specific strategy to take on competitions and are quite confident about our plan. We certainly are doing something different from them. Rather than getting reviews, we are letting them post about them.

**Q. What is that one thing that attracted so many people to write about their trips?**

Ans. It was their will and their desire to share. They want to share, hence they write.

**Q. Was there a time when you were forced to rethink about your idea?**

Ans. We didn’t rethink. We improvised. We definitely made changes for the betterment of our ideas. Your idea needs to be developed over the course of time. Being stubborn about your idea won't help. If one strategy isn’t working, one has to change it. Coz it won’t benefit you in the long run. If your post is just attracting 10 likes, if your app has just attracted 10 people to download it, there’s something wrong. You ought to correct that something in order to make it large.

**Q. Are you planning for any strategic tie-ups in the future?**

Ans. Definitely. However, we are more focused on widening our scope at present. We are in fact in an evolutionary stage. So we want to first expand our business and then focus on strategic tie ups.

**Q. It definitely takes time to read each and every article and edit them. How do you make it possible?**

Ans. We don’t edit each and every article. Tripoto is a platform designed for the people. It is their experience. If we find any article right and attractive at the first sight, we post it directly. We do edit the not so catchy ones. Moreover, we do not edit the grammar. People love it when their article is posted in the manner they like it to be posted.

**Q. You have hundreds of articles coming every month. How do you manage them all?**

Ans. We manage it on an hourly basis.

**Q. How did you get so many people to write? How do you publicise?**

Ans. As such there isn’t any specific promotional aspect. Our facebook and linkedin profile is the only means of publicity. Moreover, one cannot rely on word of mouth publicity. Some effort has to be made for marketing and promotions.

**Q. (To Mr. Anirudh) You were the mind behind the ADAM tablet at notionink. You have worked in different tech companies before. And now, you are in a totally different field - travel. How difficult it was to shift your field of work?**

Ans.  Firstly, I wasn’t the mind behind the ADAM tablet. It was someone else’s idea. I just worked in the team to make it possible. Secondly, it was a bit difficult for me in the beginning. But mine and my co-founder’s interest enabled us to start Tripoto. Travel had been our field of interest from quite some time. We wanted to reach out to the larger audience, thus forming a crowd source approach.  

**Q. (To the tech team) How many times is the testing done?**

Ans. The testing is done on almost every device ranging from nexus, android to IOS.

**Q. (To the tech team) But what if at the point of use, the app or the website crashes or has some problem?**

Ans. One can’t minimize the errors to 100%. We definitely do our best. 

**Q. (To the tech team) What difficulties do you face as the tech team of Tripoto?**

Ans. As the tech team, we as developers, programmers and testers sincerely feel that our product is the best. We think that everyone will like it. But the users may or may not appreciate it. Therefore, we have to think as the user and not as the owner. The reason being, as the makers of a product, everyone feels that their product is good.

**Q. (To the tech team) What is your primary goal before presenting the product to the end - users?**

Ans. We aim to present a fully functional, bug free product. Of course a 100% bug free product isn’t possible. But we try to minimize each and every defect. Moreover, we ought to give our best. If our aim is to deliver **x**, we actually deliver **10x** or **100x**. 

**Q. How do the risks affect you?**

Ans. There are risks in every field. They actually help us to improvise and grow. There has been an upward slope in the progress of the start-up. There always is.

**Q. What piece of advice would you like to give to us?**

Ans. Just believe in your idea, work hard to achieve it and you will prosper.

When told about how things change in a startup, for example, from 10 to 1000 followers, the eDC team informed about how the publicity of their events increased. They mentioned about 250 people in brand quiz, despite having 1000+ registrations. And when the team had expected only 150 registrations in the Envoyage workshop, the number of people who came to attend the workshop was more than 300. Mr. Anirudh commented that one never knows when the situation may change for a start up. It is normally for the betterment, if one is following the right approach.

Also, when asked about any improvements to be made in the website, the eDC team suggested that the font size of the tab headlines could be increased a bit so as to let the user know more about the article that followed. Another suggestion made by the team was to bring the ‘get paid to travel’ headline on the top rather than keeping it at the bottom, so that it was visible to all. 

The eDC team gained some valuable lessons from the Tripoto team:

•	If your product is crowd sourced, significant effort has to be made to filter the content to maintain the quality of your product.

•	Start executing and things will automatically start falling into place. Don't wait and waste time on less important things. Idea, belief and execution are three main pillars of a start-up.

•	The need to execute and implement their ideas is more important rather than pondering over them for a long time.

•	The team was surprised to know that it took them just 2-3 days to design a logo. While deciding a logo, two main points have to be kept in mind: 

1. The logo must be simple and elegant. 
2. The logo must give an idea about the venture.

The eDC team invited both the co-founders to the Amity Youth Fest, to be held on 12th, 13th and 14th February, and to the e-summit, scheduled to be held in March 2015. The meeting ended at 4:10pm with a picture of the eDC team and the co-founders of Tripoto. The eDC  team thanked the entire Tripoto team for spending valuable time with them and providing them an insight into the practical aspect of entrepreneurship. 
