---
layout: post
title: Decisions Decisions Decisions!!!
date: '2015-03-14 20:42:31'
---

I want to travel the world, I want to explore places, talk to people - random people, strangers, eat from the roadside stalls - without worrying about any illness, spend time exploring places and not just travelling, I want to live each second of my life, live every moment, live every place I visit. I want to live in tents, travel in tongas, bullock carts and tractors. I want to click as many pictures as I can. Well, that will hardly end. I want to travel, roam places and explore them.

The desire to roam around the world arose when I was a kid. Hearing my masi's experience of USA would fascinate me. Eagerness to view USA through my eyes would increase everytime she visited India. It is probably one of the reasons why USA became my dream place. Movies and television had an impact on me. They increased my desire to roam around places. Today I have Mumbai, followed by Goa and then USA on my wishlist. After these, I want to travel to every town, every city, every state, every nation. In short, I want to live the world.

But today, as a student, it is practically not possible. These wishes are just wishes. Study, score good grades, earn a respectful job, earn a good package, settle down, earn a lifestyle, maybe have kids, take care of them, earn for them, for their future, plan for retirement(maybe), rest in old age, die. This is the standard order of living every human abides by. Where is the wishlist I made? Where are the places I want to visit? Probably, nowhere.

Today, in the rat race, we try to achieve everything, every good that comes in our way to success. We want to earn and settle so quickly that we follow the same old ritual of living a life. Get up in the morning, brush, take a bath, get ready for the workplace, go to the workplace, work at the workplace, come back to a place which we proudly call home, eat, talk a bit(sometimes not), sleep, get up in the morning, REPEAT. This is the everyday routine we follow. And we don't forget to follow the same life routine that others have been following since ages. We hesitate in taking the road not taken. In the rat race, we forget to live. In the rat race to achieve success, we forget to achieve small things that last for a lifetime. We forget to achieve happiness. And this happens just because of some decisions we make. Well, many people are happy living this way. Some aren't. And I belong to that some.

Why not change the ancestral way of living? Well, I want to travel. Education is important. And that is what I am doing at present. Maybe I continue with my studies after graduation as well. But let's say, if I place a block of travel between earning and marrying. This is how my life changes. The routine will remain the same probably, after marriage. But one thing will be added to it. Content. Satisfaction. I will be satisfied that I have achieved what I desired. I did not depend on others. I made my life. It was my decision.

Decisions matter a lot in our life. A single decision can make as well as break one's life. And especially when you are making your life. The decision of opting for engineering rather than the subject of interest changed my life to a great extent. The decision of opting for entrepreneurship rather than job changes lives of many. If Verghese Kurien would have left Anand for Mumbai at the end of 1949, if Shri Tribhuvandas Patel, the then chairman of KDCMPUL, hadn't taken the decision to stop him, today we wouldn't have known him as the face of Amul, as the man who revolutionized white.

Ranging from a startup to an mnc, every field requires decision making. Profits and losses, all depend on the decision a person takes. Decisions shape everyone's life. As I said, decisions make as well as break one's life. All the successful entrepreneurs we see today, have taken some important decisions in their lives which may have affected their lives in some or the other way. Maybe good, maybe bad. But at the end, they were all successful, just because of hardwork, dedication and that one important decision they took. All you need to do is, take the decision at the right time. Take a decision before its too late. Right decision taken at right time will bring success to your doorstep.